It was when my husband was really opposed.
One night, he put a knife to his stomach and said,
will you choose me or the truth?
My husband was cooperative.
He would wave goodbyes we went to the meetings.
But he wasn't interested at all.
I felt really jealous when I saw families sitting together at assemblies.
Because of work and taking care of his mother, my husband gradually started missing meetings.
Some in our congregation, with good intentions, pointed it out to him.
But the way they did this made him feel misunderstood and discouraged.
And he put the Bible and the publications away.
I also had times when I wanted to drift away with him.
I was really happy when I learned the truth.
In my zeal, I bombarded my husband with information and that made him worry that I had turned into a fanatic.
I think he was genuinely concerned for his family and thought that I had joined a weird religion.
One family in the congregation often invited us to meals and outdoor activities.
I think my husband appreciated those small acts of kindness.
I also tried to show that I appreciated him through my speech and conduct.
When my children and I applied what we learned in our lives, I think he gradually became interested in the truth.
The words, safeguard your heart, caught my eye.
I decided to try and keep my heart and my children's hearts towards Jehovah.
When I went out in the ministry with my children, I would point out various aspects of God's creation around us.
And before my husband would come home from work, I made it a habit to teach them God's word.
I made a conscious effort to see myself in paradise with my husband.
This strengthened my resolve to never leave the truth.
I wrote caring notes to my husband when I went to the meetings.
I was convinced that he would come back one day.
And he did come back.
I did not leave Jehovah and so Jehovah never abandoned me.
My husband never embraced the truth.
However, right now, all five of my children are in the truth.
And I feel really blessed.
Being able to serve Jehovah as a family, along with my husband, the joy and appreciation just keep dwelling up.